

The Impact of COVID-19 on today’s education system


                                   Covid-19 has brought immense change in the world by affecting almost all countries and territories, every sector has got impacted by the pandemic.
                        Severity of the effect varies from sector to sector. Particularly if we consider education system, the pandemic results to shut all the schools during the time
                        of lockdown temporarily, in an attempt to contain the spread of Covid-19 pandemic.

                                  As it education basic necessity in human life, students and teachers proactively adopted to e-learning, where teaching and learning from our own  
                      comfortable ends.Technology have much advanced than even before, the whole world shrunk in mobile and internet.The academic calendar has been    
                      replaced with actual classroom learning  by online learning. The usage of language apps, virtual tutoring, video conferences tools or online learning software    
                      has become significant flow since covid-19 pandemic. The articles include the importance of online learning, strengths, weaknesses and challenges and also the 
                      growth of EdTech start-ups.Is online teaching helping the universal activity of the knowledge??

                                Most of the private schools adopt online learning methods, public schools shut down for not having access to the e-learning platform.Despite of this rapid  
                      transition to e-learning, millions of children have been left without adequate access to education. Mainly the children from poor households left education aside 
                      due to  lack of income and they are forced to child labour due economic crisis.For example in India around 250 millions students were affected due to school 
                      closures at the onset of lockdown. 
                       
                     As per todays recent view schools and colleges got reopened , due to less effect of covid-19 and as well as the people are vaccinated.Few countries and states 
                     took a charge to reopen the schools and colleges.Even though after the schools re-open,there will be huge difference between the students who had access to 
                     the e-learning from students are not having e-learning. The 2 year gap will be difficult for the students to catch-up with on going classes.  



 
                     
